resources
[Music]
mention
[
Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music
]
[Music]
he couldn't handle anything
can you
goes and I am Els de Keyser at
even to read Kruiswijk it
even turned out that Kruis Valencia can be a
case as long as my eyes when I now see as
lifeless
so you can so it was already clear that we
have they
Christa
[Music]
we can go
we have  it was good to stay at home
[Music]
choice
this case it is a passion dear boy
so more I have the centimeter piece
[Music]
geoff
rise to buy my wife and
en holten groups I
[Music  ]
[Music]
café
[Music] [Music
] [Music]
on
[Music] [Music
] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music
]
[Music] and that
was just a shame
yeah easy cookie
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Laughter] [
Music]
oh
[Music]
[Music] like
the
wedding service
[Music]
how
do
oh
[Music] of
course
do that
[Music]
do
[Laughter]
[Music]
how
then
goddamn
flowers
[Music]
are with me here
do
[Music]
beautiful
two things
[Music  ]
games
[Music]
where control and the implemented and see
you later guys
the new controller at the control and
i can get it showed you
double they and I sorry it is in this
simple look
[Music  ] [
Music] [Music] [Music]
[Music] [Music
] [Music] [Music
]
here
[Music] [Music]
[Music] yes
[Music]